# UnivOfVa
This repository includes a web interface for an application that I created in December 2018. The web server is run on an AWS EC2 instance, and the website can be accessed by visiting https://univofva.com. It includes a login page for creating an account and logging in. Once logged in, a user can view, search, and post in the discussion board. Users can enter any questions or comments into the discussion board along with some attributes, such as the course number, another user that can be tagged (using "@"), and a topic (using "#"). On the search page, users can search for a class or for a professor. After search results appear, users can click on either a professor or a class. Clicking on a professor's name allows the user to view the previous courses that the professor has taught and the professor's ratings for those courses. Clicking on a class's name allows the user to add the class to the user's list of taken classes and view the previous professors that have taught the course and those professor's ratings for that class. On the classes page, users can add, edit, or remove any courses that they have taken. Credit totals and the cumulative GPA are also calculated and displayed at the bottom of the page. On the featured page, users can view a list of courses that they may be interested in taking. This list of courses is created based on an algorithm that I developed that takes into account the user's major(s), other classes that users with the same major(s) have taken, and previous classes that the user has taken (as they have indicated on the classes page). On the settings page, users can view and edit their information, including their career, academic program, areas of study, and password. The user's computing ID, first name, and last name may not be changed after an account has been created. This web application contains a number of security features, such as utlizing both client- and server-side verification, protection against SQL injection, hashing user passwords using the SHA-512 algorithm, and storing database passwords in a hidden file that is inaccessible to users. I have also developed various metrics for determining when users attempt SQL or JavaScript injection. When attempts have been detected, the user is logged out, and their account is disabled until their potentially malicious input is reviewed.